The Joe Rogan experience. With, with what just happened with Epstein.
People are, you can't get away with this stuff anymore. Well,
what happened with Epstein? This is what I like about it. Yeah.
It's it was so blatant. And so, so outrageous that people go, Hey,
maybe they did kill Kennedy. Yeah. Like, yeah, they absolutely did. Maybe they,
I was just doing shows in Fort worth and I was looking at these audiences and I
was going, they'd kill 'em again. Yeah. They'll kill 'em again,
give these people a couple of shots at tequila.
Another shot goes right to Kennedy's head. Well, if there was another one,
like Kennedy, right?
Like let's let's think if someone took over after Trump and this guy
was trying to get rid of the NSA and get rid of the C I a. Yeah. And, and,
you know,
and then there was some at mafia and industrialists and there was some,
and the mafia got him in the office in the first place, a hundred percent.
So they were like, Hey, you piece of. Yeah. We're the reason why you're here.
We Rigg Chicago for you. And so then he has this military BL the bay of pigs.
And so then the military's after him, everybody's angry.
He said wants splinter this CIA into a thousand pieces and give all like piece
time intelligence gathering capability to the military.
If we had someone like that. Yeah. Some guy like that. And by the way,
he was everything that moved too. Yeah. I mean,
he was a different world doing drugs and everything. You know,
he was enjoying himself. He was on meth. That's crazy. They had a doctor,
Dr. Feelood. That's where the name came from. And they would Motley crew song.
Dr. Phil feel good. And it was Kennedy's doctor. Yes. Wow. Yes.
Yes. That's when being president, it was a great job. Well, they all were on it.
Yeah. That's how they got the party moving. Yeah. Just, just meth heads.
Its a busy man running things to do. It's hard. Yeah. It's true. I mean, listen,
this is the argument for Trump being on amphetamines right now. Yeah.
How the else? You gonna run a country. Yeah. You have to,
you have to be a little amped, a little amped up.
He's definitely amped got a little piece of something, but I like,
I like seeing him. I like seeing him, you know, when he goes big, what is it?
Sidebar?
Uh, South Dakota today started a new, uh, campaign antimethth campaign.
But it is uh, on meth.com and meth.
We're on it is this slogan that, oh my it's been over four.
50 Grand. I mean there's not anybody in what there's gonna spend. How much?
450 grand of taxpayer might have figured this out. Oh my God,
this is why people hate the government.
Cuz nobody was able to stop this and say, Hey, this is not the best.
This is the dumbest ad campaign I've ever seen in my life. Meth we're on it.
That sounds like a onion article. It's like a rap song. This bad rap song.
This is so does it seems like an onion article.
I love what it says goes South Dakota has a problem.
There isn't a single solution because meth is widespread,
but we can approach it from different angles. So it doesn't take over counties.
Towns, neighborhoods let's work together. Meth. We're on it. God,
what's up with that brown water. Turn that back up. Put back on.
How about you fix that toilet water. You got your kids swimming around and yeah.
Look at that water. It's disgusting. Yeah. Meth is probably yeah.
More than one problem. Yeah.
Meth is not even in the top 10 problems in South Dakota.
Meth is what you need to get on to fix the other problems in South Dakota.
The whole town councils got yeah. You need to start cleaning, but Epstein.
They just charged guards. I mean this is hilarious. Yes, yes, yes.
This is a very funny comic. Nick Mullen on Twitter was like, oh yeah,
this is the justice. We all wanted the guards. You know? No here's, what's good.
Not the two prison guards tasks with watching Jeffrey Epstein on night.
He killed himself
that should charged with falsifying records. And's conspiracy and conspiracy.
Here's why that's good.
Somebody paid those guys and they're gonna sing or they're gonna die.
Something's gonna happen either. They're gonna take those guys.
I think it's a way to satiate the public. I don't think there's. I mean,
I don't think that BARR,
the attorney general has any real desire to get to the bottom of what happened.
I mean, this is clearly obviously sexual black male Epstein was involved with
intelligence. Whether it's us, whether it's Maad it's somebody,
his island was a honey pot. He had powerful people and compromising positions.
Uh, he was an,
probably like an access agent where he would give these Intel agencies access to
in insanely powerful people ex against people like that. So there, uh,
if you don't wanna open up that wound because it's just gonna,
it's never gonna stop bleeding and guys like BARR who are in, you know,
this is a guy that's participated in multiple cover ups. He, you know,
I don't think he has any really interest in he's.
He's a lifelong government official. You, you could say deep state,
you can say whatever it is, but he's just a career.
His job is to protect the interest of these power factions in Washington.
These government agencies, there's no way they open this up and there's no,
there was no way that they could have had Jeffrey Epstein and open court
pointing fingers that maybe prime ministers and presidents,
it would tear countries apart.
It would be the biggest political scandal in our lifetime.
I just can't believe they just meked him like that though.
They didn't just Merk him. They mured him twice. Here's what I want to know.
When he tried to commit himself suicide.
The first time were the cameras broken then too. Great question.
I don't know how think we never heard that. Well, we,
we didn't see any footage of him.
I've never seen any footage of him in his cell. I mean,
they haven't released any if the camera's ever working. Right. I mean,
from what I can underst no, but understand. Did they even comment on it?
Remember the first time that he attempted to commit suicide?
I think they got it. Yeah. I don't know. That's a good point. I mean,
I think they, they, they, he, he, they found him, they transferred him.
I don't know if they have photographic evidence of him doing that. Google.
What happened the first time Epstein tried to kill himself cuz I'm,
that's that's an interesting thing. Like and where is uh, yes,
a very interesting thing. So do they know for sure.
Did they watch the footage and see him tying a rope red and then,
and then they went in and go, next time you gotta do it like this,
you tie the knot stronger. You, you take off from the chair.
My favorite thing was the cellmate, the cellmate that they gave him. Oh yeah.
Which he's like a long, it was a,
a cop who Guilla Copish from westchesterchester's huge. Yeah.
Huge skinhead looking dude,
Italian guy coked out giant muscles and killed a bunch of people and sold drugs.
Just <laugh> just him and Epstein. And they got along.
He was so he was like the like Hollywood stereotype
of the last guy, guy you would want in your foot.
You wanna be in a cell with big xcorup cop with giant muscle
stuff. Yeah. It is monster and connected to the law. I mean,
it just seemed if that's the guy, I mean,
that would be the guy that maybe he's the guy who killed him. Who knows? I mean,
he's a giant guy. I mean guys like that,
I'm sure would take a bride pretty easily. And then, oh,
and those guys don't open their mouths. Just know just for cigarettes. Yeah.
Why not? Yeah. I mean, you can't open his mouth. He's in jail. Right? Right.
They got him locked up and they go look and who knows? And like, listen,
if they Tommy come on, right Tommy do this come you're here forever.
You're like killing P I think they gotta watch the,
I don't know if they can do this, but they gotta watch the bank accounts.
Now obviously the people that are paying off people are pretty smart. Yeah.
There's ways to hide money,
but somebody got paid off substantial amount of money. Yeah. Somewhere,
somewhere that you might not have. You don't think so this is a weird one.
Like this one,
this one involves so many people money might not have been asked around. Right.
You know what I mean? Like somebody just might've called in favors for this.
Where is said just hide. Yeah. Where is just lane Maxwell. Oh,
that is in Brazil. Yeah. Somebody said she was in LA. Yeah.
She was in LA at an in and out burger with a book.
And they stageded a photo agents. Yeah.
And they released a staged photo and I don't know what the she thinking like,
oh, America will forgive me if they see I'm eating fast food.
I don't even understand. No, no, no, no. She was trying to release a message.
Okay. Yeah. She was reading a book about CIA agents that had been murdered.
Yeah. But what's the point of that message.
She's trying to say he's a intelligence agent, right? Yeah. Who,
that was something that was actually said by,
was it one of the attorney generals when they're prosecuted?
Alexander cons said AB seen intelligence would belong to intelligence. Yeah.
Well, if you just look at this, is there. Yeah. There's a photo.
So does it show the book? Uh, it's another photo.
I think you can see the side of the book. Mm. Okay. But they also added in that,
that movie poster that's right. Somebody swapped out the, the movie poster,
they photoshopped, they took advantage of this opportunity to promote a film.
Right. Wasn't it? The Seth Rogan movie.
This is an interesting product placement in the,
in the background of a human trafficker, having a sandwich,
at least she's got good taste in, um, listen in food.
She's interested brand deals. She's got an old iPhone.
So she's shown she's struggling a little bit. It financially.
It's very interesting. <laugh> she's not on the new iPhone. That's,
that's a burner. She's got a burner. She probably had five different phones.
She probably drives 'em into, there it is. These are, you know,
I think it's hard for people to understand that like elements of the CIA or the
Maad would condone the abuse of children to get leverage and information on
people. But that's kind of what's happened before. Yeah.
I think they just figured look these 15, 16 year olds,
they're gonna keep their mouth shut. I mean, we're, we're talking about when,
when this happened, this is all a long time ago, right? It wasn't that long ago.
Like how long ago did it start? I mean it's well, it's nineties.
It's been going on for a, probably for very decades, but right.
But my point was, when it initially got started,
they probably didn't have the internet. Right. A hundred percent. When did they,
when did he start bringing people out to the island? He got the island, I think,
uh, late nineties or early 2000. 2001. Yeah.
So nobody really understood the concept of social media or where it was all
gonna go. But what's really crazy is like,
no one's ever accounted for how that guy got all that money. Well, Les Wexner,
who was the,
the head of Victoria's secret was like his mentor and they were buddies and
Wexner gave him and you know, what's so funny about the mainstream press,
you know, the wall street journal ran some article. They're like,
how could a guy like Les Wexner who sold women's jeans forever? You know,
get it, uh, totally bamboozled by Jeffrey Epstein. That's like, no,
nobody there thought that it was maybe a,
a pathological relationship and that those guys knew each other and maybe were
in the similar stuff or whatever. I don't know. But maybe there was a,
a mutual benefit to them knowing each other.
They think that somehow this billionaire got bamboozled by Jeffrey
Epstein, which is just insane to think. Yeah.
But that's the way the press thinks they're like this guy's a CEO of a
multinational. I mean, he's, I'm sure he's uh,
didn't do anything untooured yeah. I'm sure. He' prince. Well prince. Yeah.
The, the prince, the interview with the prince was fascinating. Yeah. Well,
my favorite thing about that was I think the prince is autistic or something and
the people on Twitter were like, don't make fun of him. He's got some,
I think he is, he's got something. And the people on Twitter were like, Hey,
don't shame him for him. I'm like, okay, can we just,
how do you know when someone's autistic? Like, there's a, there's a spectrum,
right? When is it on, like, when do you,
do you lick up a lot looking strip and they go, oh yeah, bro, you got it.
A lot of people now, for whatever reason, it's,
it's becoming more and more obvious, more diagnosed. It's more diagnosed.
And you, I think you've even talked about it before. It's people,
people are not socializing with each other face to face as much.
And so there's a lot of like awkward yeah. People that, you know,
maybe are on the spectrum and maybe aren't, they're trying to ban
<laugh> because saw, you know, they're gonna band. I saw they,
do you wanna wanna do jazz hands? Yeah. They wanna do jazz.
Have a real problem with loud noises. Yeah.
L O L prince Andrew forced a scrap visit to floodstrick in York as
he's called into crisis talks at Buckingham palace.
How sad summoned for crisis talks. Oh, right now. Yeah.
Like it's happening right now or something now, crisis talk.
They're gonna hang him too. Some of his answers were so crazy. Yes. Well,
if my attorney advises, I will testify. He's like, I don't no.
When a man has sex,
like he went into this whole thing that was just completely he's clearly he was
clearly had a relationship with Epstein that wasn't good. I think, uh,
Epstein knew how to do it, you know? Yeah. I mean, I think, and so did Clinton,
so a lot of these people, Clinton flew with Epstein all the time.
26 times. Yeah.
And I've been telling people like I haven't flown with my mom 26 times.
I haven't flown with anyone 26 times. Yeah.
Maybe Jamie and I decided we maybe flew together 10 times and uh,
maybe hinchiff and I have done 26 times hinchiff and I have probably flown as
many times. You'll regret that when Tony gets outed for whatever he's doing,
<laugh> I mean, Tony looks like a, like a,
like a F fuile Lord that's disembaling chamberaids <laugh>.
So whenever they find the bodies in his yard, you will be answering for that.
They gotta find home video of Tony with joker costumeew one. Yeah.
A hundred percent, a hundred percent, a hundred percent. A hundred.
He's got a joker is on his screensaver on his phone.
Okay.